Make YearLocator a subclass of RRuleLocator (#19348)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/api/next_api_changes/removals/19348-OE.rst

> ``dates.YearLocator`` attribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removed ``dates.YearLocator.replaced`` attribute
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The attribute ``YearLocator.replaced`` has been removed. For tick locations which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.YearLocator` is now a subclass of `RRuleLocator`, and the attribute ``YearLocator.replaced`` has been removed. For tick locations that
```

Reviewer: I think this is fine.  I'm guessing no one used this undocumented attribute.
